# manage_retail_data_using_pyspark
Usecase 1 - Customer order count
Get order count per customer for the month of 2014 January.
* Tables - orders and customers
* Data should be sorted in descending order by count and ascending order by customer id.
* Output should contain customer_id, customer_first_name, customer_last_name and customer_order_count.

Usecase 2 - Dormant Customers
Get the customer details who have not placed any order for the month of 2014 January.
* Tables - orders and customers
* Data should be sorted in ascending order by customer_id
* Output should contain all the fields from customers

Usecase 3 - Revenue Per Customer
Get the revenue generated by each customer for the month of 2014 January
* Tables - orders, order_items and customers
* Data should be sorted in descending order by revenue and then ascending order by customer_id
* Output should contain customer_id, customer_first_name, customer_last_name, customer_revenue.
* If there are no orders placed by customer, then the corresponding revenue for a give customer should be 0.
* Consider only COMPLETE and CLOSED orders

Usecase 4 - Revenue Per Category
Get the revenue generated for each category for the month of 2014 January
* Tables - orders, order_items, products and categories
* Data should be sorted in ascending order by category_id.
* Output should contain all the fields from category along with the revenue as category_revenue.
* Consider only COMPLETE and CLOSED orders

Usecase 5 - Product Count Per Department
Get the products for each department.
* Tables - departments, categories, products
* Data should be sorted in ascending order by department_id
* Output should contain all the fields from department and the product count as product_count
